Doctor, what's the matter with my grandfather?
Judging from the checklist
Your grandfather must have leukemia
Leukemia is blood cancer in the general population
I remember there should be a cure for this blood cancer
Exactly.
Mr. Jiang, this is the better one
Although the species cannot be cured by this
But as long as there is money
It shouldn't be a problem to live for more than ten years
How much will that cost?
It is estimated that it will be at least 200,000 to 300,000
300,000 so much
Then I'll go now, I can't go
Let's go with grandpa
Grandpa
Your money was saved for you by your parents
Dad, you won't spend it even if you have money.
Do you want grandpa to die by himself?
Go back with grandpa